to Gaza where a Hamas official is urging
Palestinians not to leave Gaza City we
may have some disturbing pictures I want
to give you that warning now let's
listen in are quite trained these are
the people who are killing the
Palestinians do you think Europe and
America will have any sympathy with the
thei soldiers who are killing our kids
who are killing our women what kind of
democracy you are claiming I swear to
Allah even if you killed us on these
territories we will never leave our land
you can destroy our houses but we will
never leave Gaza we will be back to our
country we will be back to the
1944 48 territories we urge the
International Free World We urge the
Egyptians please move to the borders
please jordanians go and move to the
borders ERS don't wait any decision from
anyone we urge the refugees the
Palestinian refugees in Jordan these are
you people being killed here we need to
move they need to move from the borders
today is Friday today is the Friday of
anger in any part of the world these are
the crimes of Israel go via the borders
of Jordan Lebanon and Egypt the Arabs
must go to help Gaza and the gazans we
will stay on this land kill us kill the
2 million gazin oh folks we need to be
here we need to be strong we will always
be
here are you watching our we were
bringing you live pictures from Gaza of
a Hamas spokesman who was urging people
urging pales iians particularly not to
leave Gaza as this comes as Israel is
warning that 1.1 million Palestinians in
Gaza should move from Gaza City
southwards ostensibly in advance of some
sort of action that is that may well be
planned for happening in and around Gaza
City we have no details of what that
might be I want to bring in majab zi
he's been talking to us for the last
couple of hours he's director of golf
studies Center at Kau University good to
have you back this is a very strong
image that Hamas is putting forward we
understand that the spokesman there was
holding what may have been a body of a
baby we don't know we have no way of
knowing whether or not that's true but
certainly a very emotive picture they're
trying to encourage people in Gaza to
remain where they are not to leave Gaza
given the circumstances how effective do
you think that's going to be I assume
because there are no um I would say ways
to go I mean the borders with Egypt are
closed um they can't go to Israel so
basically there are no other places to
go to they are moving from City to City
assuming that it will be sa and um ended
while they they were attacked um I think
I think this um statement is coming in
in the context the context is in the
last 40 hour there is a huge debate
about uh pushing Palestinian to SAA and
creating a new political status quo the
political status quo basically saying
Hamas has a base and the base is very
limited and other
uh people in Gaza which 2.3 are not
supporting Hamas those people they can't
go to to to SAA stay there for a while
and then we Israel says we end uh Hamas
and in space on on Gaza we clean it and
then we say those people come back but
you they come back under the umbrella of
Palestinian Authority so by creating a
new status quo they're assuming by that
they weakened Hamas economically and
politically and militarily and they
create a new status quo which is
bringing Palestinian Authority which has
International commitment about peace and
uh uh uh um uh basically with Israel and
and managing their relation with Israel
differently and that is the stat that's
that's the current debate um will not be
succeeded unless Egypt gives a green
light on
that thank you very much indeed for your
analysis obviously over the coming hours
as this develops but we're going to be
coming back to but for now thank you
very much indeed this comes on the day
that Israel has said that uh 1 1 million
Palestinians in Gaza should move from
Gaza City to the south of Gaza that's
possibly ahead of some sort of intended
military action within Gaza that's
directed they say against the fighters
of Hamas the armed group that controls
uh Gaza the Israeli military says it
quote will quote operate significantly
against Hamas positions in the coming
days